Propagation - Extract handles multiple values on carrier using same key (#4295)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/context/api-propagators.md

- the carrier of propagation fields, such as an HTTP request.
- the key of the field.

> The Get function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with an HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.

Reviewer: We cannot use normative language for custom implementations

```suggestion
The `Get` function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with an HTTP request object, the `Getter` is supposed to be case insensitive.
```

Author: The only change on this line is changing `a HTTP` to `an HTTP`. Changing the language of the existing spec is entirely out of scope of this PR

Reviewer: Yeah. I see the whole document is like that. Sorry, I am used to the language used in the newer portions of the specification. This can be addressed as a separate PR.

> ##### GetAll

Reviewer: There is no normative language saying that this functionality MUST or SHOULD be supported.

Reviewer 2: Arguably, all of these methods are suggestions rather than requirements, based on this language:

> One of the ways to implement it is `Getter` class with methods `Get`, `Keys`, and `GetAll`
as described below. Languages may decide on alternative implementations and
expose corresponding methods as delegates or other ways.

Key bit I'm referring to is "languages may decide on alternative implementations [...] or other ways".

All of this phrasing feels dated compared to how we write specs these days..

**Status**: [Development](../document-status.md)

> For many language implementations, the GetAll function will be added after the stable release of Getter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For many language implementations, the `GetAll` function will be added after the stable release of `Getter`.
```

> For these languages, requiring implementations of Getter to include GetAll constitutes a breaking change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these languages, requiring implementations of `Getter` to include `GetAll` constitutes a breaking change
```

since instrumentation which previously functioned would fail. Language implementations should be cognizant

> of this, and add GetAll in a way that retains backwards compatibility. For example, by providing a default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of this, and add `GetAll` in a way that retains backwards compatibility. For example, by providing a default
```

> GetAll implementation based on Get, or by creating an extended Getter type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GetAll` implementation based on Get, or by creating an extended `Getter` type.
```

> If explicitly implemented, the GetAll function MUST return all values of the given propagation key.
> It SHOULD return them in the same order as they appear in the carrier.
> If the key doesn't exist, it SHOULD return an empty collection.

Reviewer: We cannot use normative language for custom implementations

```suggestion
If explicitly implemented, the `GetAll` function is supposed to return all values of the given propagation key.
It should return them in the same order as they appear in the carrier.
If the key doesn't exist, it should return an empty collection.
```

Author: Again this is the existing language in the spec. This is completely out of scope to change this

Reviewer: Yeah. I see the whole document is like that. Sorry, I am used to the language used in the newer portions of the specification. This can be addressed as a separate PR.

Maybe just

```suggestion
If explicitly implemented, the `GetAll` function MUST return all values of the given propagation key.
It SHOULD return them in the same order as they appear in the carrier.
If the key doesn't exist, it SHOULD return an empty collection.
```

Required arguments:

- the carrier of propagation fields, such as an HTTP request.
- the key of the field.

> The GetAll function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with an HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GetAll` function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the `Getter` is intended to work with an HTTP request object, the getter is supposed to be case insensitive.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GetAll` function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with an HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.
```

The Get function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with a HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.

> ##### GetAll
> 

Reviewer 3: and you'll want to change the overall document status to "Stable, except where otherwise specified", see example at https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/logs/api.md#logs-api

```suggestion
##### GetAll

**Status**: [Development](../document-status.md)

```

Author: Thankyou, I've changed the overall document status

The Get function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with a HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.

##### GetAll

**Status**: [Development](../document-status.md)

> The GetAll function MUST NOT require explicit implementation to satisfy the base `Getter` type.

Reviewer 2: I think your intention here is to say that because GetAll was added after the initial stable spec, requiring implementations of Getter to implement a new method is a breaking change. I.e. instrumentation compiled correctly in v1.3.0, but stopped compiling when v1.4.0 was rolled out with a new Getter method required. 

This is a hard thing to articulate, and it wasn't immediately obvious to me based on the current phrasing. 

Here's another attempt:

For many language implementations, the GetAll function will be added after the stable release of Getter. For these languages, requiring implementations of Getter to include GetAll constitutes a breaking change since instrumentation which previously functioned would fail. Language implementations should be cognizant of this, and add GetAll in a way that retains backwards compatibility. For example, by providing a default GetAll implementation based on Get, or by creating an extended Getter type.

^^ I tried to avoid normative language since its technically redundant to other language that prevents breaking changes. Still, its worth calling attention to for users and language maintainers alike. Also, in the event that a new language implementation comes along that did not exist prior to the addition of `GetAll`, it would be wise for that implementation to require `Getter`s to implement `GetAll` (and maybe omit the singular `Get` method).

Author: Yes, you are right. One other reason for this sentence is the fact that not all carriers support multiple values per key, so not all `Getter` implementations can implement `GetAll`. I initially struggled to articulate both these reasons, and so decided against including them. But I think you did a good job of the first one. I will have another shot at articulating these and incorporate your wording into it

Author: Ok, I've replaced my paragraph with yours. Thanks for that, resolving this comment

Language implementations have the flexibility to incorporate this optional
functionality in various ways, such as by providing a default GetAll method, or
by creating a new type that extends the base `Getter` type.

If explicitly implemented, the GetAll function MUST return all values of the given propagation key.
It SHOULD return them in the same order as they appear in the carrier.
If the key doesn't exist, it SHOULD return an empty collection.

Required arguments:

- the carrier of propagation fields, such as an HTTP request.
- the key of the field.

> The GetAll function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with a HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.

Reviewer 2: I see there this document is inconsistent with "a HTTP" and "an HTTP". "an HTTP" is correct. Would be good to update other occurrences in the doc, like like 231. 
```suggestion
The GetAll function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with an HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.
```

> The Get function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with a HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.

Reviewer 3: (to match below 😄)
```suggestion
The Get function is responsible for handling case sensitivity. If the getter is intended to work with an HTTP request object, the getter MUST be case insensitive.
```

Author: good point 😄
